
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000600                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   600237000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  600237000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  80536                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    80524                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7489192216                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4306944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        6453                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          6453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        25852                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::.cpu.data         8844                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total        34696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        25852                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        25852                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::.cpu.data         6696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total         6696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::.cpu.inst         6463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::.cpu.data         1190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total         7653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::.cpu.data          865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total          865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::.cpu.inst     43069654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::.cpu.data     14734180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total     57803834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     43069654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total     43069654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::.cpu.data     11155594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total     11155594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::.cpu.inst     43069654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::.cpu.data     25889774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total     68959428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6463.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.priorityMinLatency 0.000000023300                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.priorityMaxLatency 0.000282186100                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.numReadWriteTurnArounds           24                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.numWriteReadTurnArounds           24                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.numStayReadState        15788                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.numStayWriteState          180                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.readReqs              7653                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs              865                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.readBursts            7653                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts            865                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM       236736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ          8160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten          6528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys         34696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys         6696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ          255                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts          650                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0         4239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1         3159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0          107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1           97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.totGap           600166400                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2         6632                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3         1021                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2           56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3          809                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0          7398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7             6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8             8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9            25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10           25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11           24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12           24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13           24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14           24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15           24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16           24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         7489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.482842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.239665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev     6.950816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7436     99.29%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           24      0.32%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           14      0.19%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.11%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191            2      0.03%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         7489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   306.083333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   235.459597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   281.419216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            2      8.33%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9     37.50%     45.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      8.33%     54.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4     16.67%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      8.33%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      4.17%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      4.17%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      4.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      4.17%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      4.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean     8.500000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     8.463350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.834058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::8           17     70.83%     70.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::9            2      8.33%     79.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::10            5     20.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        25852                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data         7064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterWriteBytes::.cpu.data         1588                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 43069654.153276123106                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 11768684.702875697985                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterWriteRate::.cpu.data 2645621.646116450895                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6463                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1190                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu.data          865                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    213744300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     28853100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu.data   7260205000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33071.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24246.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu.data   8393300.58                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.totQLat          145683600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat     242597400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat         23673600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat           19692.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat          3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat      32792.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW             394.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW              10.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys           57.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys           11.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.busUtil               4.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead           3.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite          0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen             1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen            12.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits           113                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate        52.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.avgGap            70458.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate           1.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.actEnergy   4124941.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.preEnergy        2066964                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.readEnergy  4225737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.writeEnergy 85190.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.refreshEnergy 2589052.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.actBackEnergy 9689270.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.preBackEnergy 5956416.000000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.actPowerDownEnergy        11400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.prePowerDownEnergy 14487667.200000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.selfRefreshEnergy 1208474.400000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.totalEnergy 44572923.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.averagePower    74.258874                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.totalIdleTime    308906700                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     63116800                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::REF      8732000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      1842900                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    306884800                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    219459000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN       201500                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState            1                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.actEnergy              0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.preEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.readEnergy             0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.refreshEnergy 17493.600000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.actBackEnergy  2918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.preBackEnergy 187545.600000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.prePowerDownEnergy 183974.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.selfRefreshEnergy 17789109.600000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.totalEnergy 18181041.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.averagePower    30.289772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.totalIdleTime      3833300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3898300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::REF        59000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592446400                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3833300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         1190                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          7                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     1197                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                         865                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         3                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                     868                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                         2055                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                     2065                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                        6464                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        17                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                    6481                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    17                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           600237                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        6453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          6453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  6380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     10                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         251                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          759                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         6380                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            10                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                8392                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               4621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    8                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   2                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          2065                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        1197                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        868                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                     600237                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              1060                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                    19      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                      4376     67.71%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        1      0.02%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       2      0.03%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     1196     18.51%     86.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                     861     13.32%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   1      0.02%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  7      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                       6463                       # Class of executed instruction
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadReq         7653                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadResp         7653                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::WriteReq          865                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::WriteResp          865                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_host.seriallink0.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_host.seriallink0.master::total        17036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_host.seriallink0.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        41392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_host.seriallink0.master::total        41392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.reqLayer0.occupancy     14194600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer0.occupancy     21338600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer0.utilization          3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_host.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_host.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock         1600                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_host.seriallink0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_host.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_host.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock         1600                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_host.seriallink1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_host.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_host.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock         1600                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_host.seriallink2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_host.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_host.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock         1600                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_host.seriallink3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                     10                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache_port::system.hmc_host.seriallink0.slave        12927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache_port::total        12927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache_port::system.hmc_host.seriallink0.slave         4110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache_port::total         4110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache_port::system.hmc_host.seriallink0.slave        25852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache_port::total        25852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache_port::system.hmc_host.seriallink0.slave        15540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache_port::total        15540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   41392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy               93840                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             129260                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy              32450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    600237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
